So let's back up the operating system of the router to a TFT B server which I've got running on my local
PC I'm using the free solar wings TFT P server and it's configured to use C TFT route on my Windows
PC for storing of files at the moment I don't have any router operating system stored in that directory.
So let's back up this rodders operating system to that directory.
So log in I mean privilege mode show flash shows me that I have two files in Flash because it's just
a backup of the operating system stored in flash which I'll overwrite in a separate video.
But let's copy this operating system to the TFT server.
Some recommended best practices before doing that is make sure that you have connectivity to the server
and verify that the TFT server has enough disk space or sufficient disk space to receive the file.
So I risk files are often very small.
This is about 15 meg.
I have 8 gig available on this harddrive so I'm good for space IP config shows me that this server has
an IP address of 1 2 1 6 8 1 199.
It also has a secondary IP address which we won't use in this video.
So this is the IP address of the TFT server.
Can the router ping the TFT server.
Yes it can.
So now let's copy a file from flash to the TFT server.
So Source fallen flesh.
That's one way of doing it but you would need to remember what your fall in flashes so do the show Flesch
come on first and then copy the filename to the TFT server.
All you can do it this way where you say copy flash and then press question mark and that will give
you various options so I'm going to type see for this file name and press tab and then burn because
that's the form we want to copy to the server.
So either method will work.
You can either just type copy flash TGP and then paste the file name in or you can say copy flash colon
question mark which will give you a list of files to copy.
Precentor IP address of t have to be server 1 2 1 6 8 1 1 9.
What do we want to call the file on the to be server.
I'm going to leave it at the default.
We can see that the router has connected to the BE server and the file is being copied.
When our refresh windows we can see the file size increasing.
So it's being copied to the TFT server.
Each one of these exclamation marks indicates that part of the file has been successfully copied to
the TFT server.
Solutions winds to be surveys showing us that the file is being put into the Directory C TFT route with
the relevant file name.
We can see the date and time that the file is being copied.
So it's fairly late at the moment here in the UK while I'm doing this for here.
We can now see that the fault was successfully copied.
So we've got a complete message.
The rodders is also telling us that so many bytes were copied in this amount of time and we could see
the file in the directory on the TIF to be server.
So that's how you copy a file from flash to the TVT be server.
In this case we copied this operating system which is operating system being used by the router and
we could see that by using the show version command.
This is a system image file that's being used.
And that's the file that we backed up to the TFT server.
It's a good practice to backup your operating systems to a be server or FCP server.
The problem with TFT p is that there is no authentication and there's no encryption.
So you may want to use other mechanisms that are more secure like secure copy to backup the operating
systems and configurations of your devices.